# **End of Lesson Reflection**
## Sr21 - SANTOS, Patricia Ysabel 

## List and describe at least 5 topics that we discussed in class that you know very well. Each description should be at least 1 paragraph with twoto five sentences.
* Variable Declaration - This is because this topic is under the basics of Javascript and without being able to master this simple topic, I would have had a hard time with the rest of the quarter the topics succeeding this one. Things like the data type and let variables are things that I use constantly over time, and so I was able to get used to doing it efficiently. 
* Javascript Operations - This is another topic that is under the basics of Javascript, and like I mentioned earlier, you have to have mastered the basics for a strong foundation in JS coding. The topic itself was also quite simple and easy to understand. Us using similar operations in C++ last year also helped me understand the topic better and faster. 
* Javascript Basic Statements - This topic wasn't that similar to the topics we learned in C++ last year so at first I had a bit of time getting used to it. But, after Sir Roy's many demonstrations of how to do it, I was able to get it over time. I also mastered it even more when I used it in the exercises and when I was reviewing for the exams this quarter. 
* Conditional Statements: Relational and Logical Operators - This topic is very similar with C++, and since I already mastered it last year, it was very easy for me to understand it. The topic itself is also quite basic and straight forward. The only 2 logical operators that were "new" to me were the === and !== because of the extra = which checks the data type. 
* Conditional Statements: If-else Statements - This topic, like the one above is also very similar to C++. I just needed to practice again to remember how it works in general. After doing exercises with it, I was ablt to master it once again. 


## List at least 5 topics that you know and can describe but needs further practice/discussion and why.  The why should be per topic listed.  
* Commonly Used JavaScript Number Objects - This topic describes the properties of a number, like its formatting, data type, and other things like the max and min of a number. We did not use this topic as often during class and in the exercises and thus I do not remember yet all the Number Properties and Methods. With a little more practice, I know I will be able to remember and understand this topic better. 
* Control Statements: Loop - Though this topic is similar with C++, with the use of for loops, do...while loops, and while loops, the differences they had left me confused at the start. Even after practicing, I am still confused how to manipulate loops for the exercises quite often. I think I would still need quite a lot more practice using different types of problems to fully master this topic. 
* Event Handlers - This topic includes HTML Events like onclick and onload. Though it mainly consists of just those 2 things, we did not necessarily use onlclick that much, or it was already there in the template code. Because of this, I was not able to understand the use of it fully. For onload, I do not think we discussed that in depth and so I am not confident in my understanding of it. 
* JavaScript Functions - I have mastered the most common way of declaring and calling functions, which is the one most similar to the way to do it in C++. The use of anonymous and arrow functions are the ones I have not fully mastered yet. This is because we had no exercises using it and did not really discuss it in depth during class. With a bit more practice though, I will be able to master it soon. 
* Loop Control Structures (break, continue, Nested Loop) - Like I mentioned earlier, though the topic of nested loops is similar with C++, I still have not fully mastered doing different types of problems using it yet and I still take a long time to figure out how to code nested loops for certain problems. Thus, I would say I still need some more practice problems that would help train me to understand problems relating to nested loops better and more efficiently. For break and continue on the other hand, they are pretty easy to understand, but we did not really use it that often, especially continue. Thus, I think after a few more practices, I will fully master it. 

## Describe on what will be your plan of action in order to help yourself in understanding further the topics listed on the second items. 
* My plan of action will definitely be, of course, doing more exercises. Most of these topics are still quite basic and still have similarities to C++. Because of this, it should not be too hard to full grasp and understand the topics after a bit of practice. 
* Whenever I have time, I will try to do exercise problems relating to the topics I mentioned above. If I still do not fully understand them or how to apply them, I will be asking help from my peers or have a consultation with Sir Roy. 
* To further practice these topics, if there are ways to still apply them in our future lessons and projects, I will try to incorporate them. This is to further master these topics and how to apply them by repeatedly and constantly using them. 

## In the activities that were done in class, list at least two that you think were effective and at least two that you think not effective in helping you understand topics in our course and why?
### Effective: 
1. Doing the bonuses in class were effective in helping me understand topics in our course as there is no pressure to do it and so I had more fun doing them. Without the stress of worrying about my grade on it, I was not only able to understand the topic even more, I was even more motivated to do them since they were helping improve my grade if I do them. By being less stressed, I was able to have a clearer mind and thus understood the topics better. 
2. Having the format of Quiz #1 and #2 where we are able to have multiple attempts of the quiz in class and after class helped me understand the topics more effectively. This is because as after my first attempt on the quizzes, I was able to see exactly where I needed to study more, and from that, I was able to understand my weak points. After improving and reviewing on those points, I was able to have more attempts to correct my mistakes. 
### Not Effective: 
1. During the class periods where the lesson would be demonstrated live during class, I am more focused on being able to copy what is being presented. I am more focused on copying so I have a reference of how to use the things Sir Roy teaches, but as a result of this, I am not actually able to absorb the lesson well. 
2. During the self study session before the exam, though it was quite effective for me to just read, understand it, and just ask when I don't get something, I wish there was a quick explanation for everyone after the self-study session. This is so that if during the self study, and a person may have been too shy or still not completely understand something, they are still able to have a quick explanation after. 
